I have tested hundreds of Hermes agent
skills and most of them are complete
garbage. And if you want to unlock
Hermes full capabilities, you have to
use the correct skills. And in this
video, I'm going to show you the top 13
that you need to use so you can stop
wasting your time, save money, and get
light years ahead of everybody else. And
if you [music] haven't already, grab
that beautiful coffee and let's dive
straight in. So the goal is a fully
staffed Hermes agent. And I'm going to
time stamp everything down below and
give you the links for all these skills
so you can very easily grab them. So
skill one is the bouncer. Now imagine
this party room being your Hermes agent.
What the bouncer does is make sure that
any skill that ever wants to come into
your Hermes agent a has to be
non-malicious. In other words, it works.
But not only that, it will actually go
ahead and search for other skills online
to see if there are any other better
alternatives. which means that you
basically always get the best skills
possible. What does it look like in
practice? Again, I'll put all this down
below in the link, but it's going to
scan for prompt injections. It will
research the market first. It will
interview you to understand what you
want the skill to do. And basically on
that point, it will either autoallow,
ask first, or deny and quarantine. Now,
Hermes does a great job of doing this
already, but these additional benefits
and systems means that you only get the
best quality skills that are available.
And this takes us on to skill number
two. Now, if your AI doesn't understand
what you want, Hermes agent is never
going to be able to give you the output
that you actually need. Grill me will
actually ask you questions to clarify
what it is that you want automatically
when you basically ask it to. And then
essentially, it means it's going to
actually perform the thing that you want
it to. This comes from Matt PCO Skills.
Again, all this will be down below for
you. And what's really cool about this
is essentially it just means that you're
going to get way better output. So, for
example, I could come to my Aentic OS or
Telegram and I just ask it to grill me
on something. For example, hey, I'm
thinking about starting a brand new
business. Could you just grill me on it
to make sure it's a good idea? That's
all you do. You go ahead and then at
that point, it will come back and start
asking questions. And by the way, to
install the skills, all you ever do is
bring the skill over and just say, "Hey,
go ahead and install the skill." And
then just drop the link to the repo or
just copy and paste it. And the best way
to think about Hermes is like a 500 IQ
intern. It's super intelligent, but only
if it knows what it's doing. And by
asking questions, look, who's the exact
customer? What's the painful recurring
problem? My recommended answer is a
narabara, etc., etc., and it's going
down and using that skill. Skill three
is about continuity. When you go from
one agent to another, not only may you
have to repeat yourself, but it could
get things completely wrong, which is
why we want to do a proper handover. And
to do that, you can say, "I'd like you
to go ahead and summarize all the things
today and just write for me a handover
document that I can take over now into
claude code and pass on to another
agent." Literally give it that prompt
and Hermy's agent will go grab the skill
and write you a fully detailed handover
document. And if you're wondering, I
haven't actually moved into a hotel
room. I'm Montenegro right now. I'm
doing an AI event. It has been a crazy
week. Lots of cool stuff to update you
with, but rest assured, there has been
beautiful coffee and great weather,
which by the way is dangerous because
you have to make sure that you got the
sunscreen on lockdown. Now, the handover
document will go through states,
decisions, next steps, suggested skills,
and also secrets. Now, most people
actually ask chat GPT or Hermes agent a
question, and they just get one
paragraph answers back. But this skill
lets you actually turn Hermes agent into
professor, meaning that you unlock new
insights, and it becomes way more
effective. So imagine if instead of him
his agent just giving you these
insights, it could actually teach you in
a meaningful way. Well, this is what
slash teach from Matt Poclls do. It's
very cool. Basically, you understand the
mission. So why are we learning this? It
grounds every lesson in your actual
goal. Uh one type thing at a time and
then what actually stuck in the records
once it's completely done. So to do
that, we come over to Hermes and he can
say, "Hey, I want you to go ahead and
use my teach me skill to teach me the
best way to grow an Instagram account."
And just like that, it's access the
skill. It says before lesson one, we
need the mission. The skill teaches
towards an outcome, not vanity
followers. My recommendation, make
Instagram your discovery agent. And then
it'll start interviewing. So what do you
want? Maybe we want audience and growth.
Cool. It's great. And it just adds a
like a way more structured way to engage
with Hermes agent or Claude if you're
using it for that so you can get better
outcomes. Now the fifth skill is a meta
skill and it will improve every other
skill that you use and that is the
ability to create great skills. So
imagine, for example, if we could turn
Hermes agent into the world's best skill
writer. Well, we can do that with one
specific prompt. And essentially, it's
just a rule book that Hermes will bring
in whenever it's creating new skills.
For example, I could say, "Hey, I want
you to go ahead and create a skill based
on our conversation on AI models
earlier. Please use your skill creator
skill to do that." Now, important to
bear in mind that sometimes you don't
actually have to say use the skill
creator. the agent should find that out,
but they are probabilistic, which means
that sometimes they just kind of decide
not to do the thing that you ask them to
do. And what that basically means is
that if you're very specific on it, be
directive. Just tell it to use the scum.
But Hermes generally is good at doing
that. Now, what it does, it uses a
reusable AI model launch evidence hype
video decision agent handoff scum, which
is cool. So, it's checking whether
expand your existing model launch skill
or create a duplicate. So perm will
actually go ahead and prune so you don't
get loads of skill bloat. Now the way
that this actually works is really cool.
Matt's done an awesome job with this.
Basically has inscult
order. Then the rules on demand. So what
are the rules? Then any linked files so
loaded when they're needed. And then
finally the description tax prune every
word rides every turn. Also you don't
want the skills be too verbose just to
make it more token efficient. Now, the
sixth skill is all about the ability to
run your Homies agent 24/7. Now, I have
one running at home on my Mac desktop,
but not everybody has that. And if you
close your laptop down, you can't use
its most powerful features is the fact
that it's running 24/7 for you on a VPS.
So, skill six is about the ability to
set this up on a virtual private server.
Whether you want to run Hermes agent
operating system or Hermes agent itself,
we can do that on a private machine
virtually. Whether your laptop is closed
down or you're underground, wherever you
are, you want to be able to use Hermes
agent. And funnily enough, this setup is
actually quite straightforward. I'm the
Montenegro now, hence the background. I
actually met the hosting team and we're
talking about Hermes and I was like, you
guys should definitely sponsor some
content cuz I get this question all the
time. So, thanks to Hostinger for
sponsoring this part of the video. And
whether you're setting up an Aentic
Hermes operating system or Hermes agent
itself, I found the easiest way of doing
this is with hosting it. So, I'm going
to put a link for this down below. Oh,
and all you can do is come down and
choose plan. And if you have it running
on your own computer, awesome. But if
you don't have the ability to do that,
you may want to look at something so you
can run it 24/7 when you're out grabbing
those beautiful coffees. And if you've
already got this set up, feel free to
click on the next section down below.
I've timestamped everything for you. But
a lot of people find this really
helpful, especially if you're looking at
an OS or you just don't have the ability
to do it. So KVM2 is more than enough
for Hermes agent. So that's the one that
I usually go with. Just go ahead and
choose plan. Then once you land on this
page here, you're going to pick the
period. So you can do monthly, annually
or bannually. The longer the period, the
better the offer. And if you go for
annual or bannual and you can actually
use the code Jack Roberts and that will
apply an additional 10% off the entire
order on annual and buy your plans. So
thank you for hosting it for sharing
that with the people. Now what's really
important here is that this will
automatically install Hermes agent on
the auto deploy when you actually set
this up. Now we don't need these Nexus
credits, so I'm just going to untick
those there. and we're going to be using
OpenAI instead. Then we want to pick the
server location. So you want to pick the
one typically speaking with the best
latency. So I'm going to go ahead and
pick Germany for this one. Then as you
can see, you get a deal if you're doing
24 months. I've already got mine, so I'm
set for that. Then come down and click
on continue. Then once you've done that,
you'll actually get signed in and it
will start to set up your entire VPS,
which is awesome. Cool. Then when you're
on this dashboard, all you're going to
do is come down here and you're going to
see in your to-dos, you're going to come
down and click on setup. And then on the
right hand side, come over and click on
setup here. Cool. And then we're going
to land on this page. You're going to
click on Germany once again if that one
is the correct one for you. Then on this
section, all you're going to do is come
down and type in Hermes like so. And
then you got Hermes agent, Hermes Web
UI, and Hermes workspace. But we're
going to go ahead and click on Hermes
agent real quick, like so. Come down and
then click on select. So to make this
process pretty straightforward, pretty
easy. And then you're going to have an
admin username and an admin password. Go
ahead and copy this admin password. And
once you've done that, come down and
click on deploy. Then once that's
happened, hosting will set up the VPF
for you. So if you're doing it on a VPS,
this is the panel from which you manage
it. As we can see, we have Hermes agent
up and running. And we have this as
well, meaning that we can access it
securely from other locations. And then
to get this set up, it is unbelievably
easy. All you're going to do is click on
the terminal, which is just fancy word
for place where we can talk to the
computer. So just like I have the
computer that you're working on right
now, the terminal is basically the
you're talking to the computer where
Hermes agent is hosted. Then once that
terminal loads up, don't be intimidated
by a terminal. It's just the way that
you talk to your computer. And here
we're interfacing with the computer on
this virtual private server. It is like
talking to a chatbot, but you need to be
sort of specific with your commands. I
put down below as well a full Hermes
connection guide. You can literally
follow this entire thing step by step.
So all we're going to do is come back
here and copy the last four letters of
this. Then come over to your setup
guide. And the first thing we're doing
is copying this command right here. And
then we're going over to terminal. And
you're going to pop that in. and instead
of xxx just enter in your four digits.
So for me that's MVP1 and click on
enter. Then all we're going to do is go
ahead and access the Hermes container.
So we are going to copy this second
section right here. Come straight back
over and then enter that bad boy in like
so. And then click enter. Finally let's
go ahead and do the Hermes setup. So
just copy this, swing straight back over
here. Enter that in. And then bada bing
boom we should get the full Hermes
setup. So we can do the quick setup that
works on with Hermes agent or you can do
the full setup. come down here for
example, then I hit uh spacebar. That
will then select it and you can go down
and effectively configure everything and
then you'll have your Hermes agent
running. I highly recommend if you
haven't already, by the way, you want to
go ahead and connect it to Open AI
because you can use your chat GPT
subscription. So come down here. I might
press uh open on that and then open AI
codeex will just let me basically
connect my chat GPT subscription and
then you just follow the instructions
set up. You can connect it to Telegram
super easily and then you'll have your
entire Hermes agent running on your
phone and you can use it whenever you
want to fully host it and you can come
back and control it in your actual
panel. Imagine a doctor inside Hermes
that could actually look at everything
that exists within it to make sure it
was as efficient as humanly possible.
Now whether you're using for example
Hermes agent here in the dashboard or
maybe you're using claw code it doesn't
really matter. What was really
interesting is the Anthropic itself,
right, the engineers deleted over 80% of
CL code system prompts with zero loss in
coding performance. So what I did with
this is looked what Claude did and I was
like, well, let's just do this in Hemy's
agent. So it's got six examinations, but
it does uh no controversial examinations
I might add. Always on memory. So
looking at soul.md profile, standing
memory, everything being loaded every
turn. The skill description tag. So
every school descriptor rides every
turn. Flags for 300 plus characters.
Stale schools we don't need tool schema
footprint confident blow disclosure
check. And this has got everything it
needs. It will do one of five things.
Cut it. Basically quarantine it never
hard delete. Merge, move, defer, or
trim. And by the way, if if all of this
is sounding like I'm speaking Spanish,
I'm going to put a link down below for
the full Hermes agent masterass. It
covers everything from foundations,
setup, powering Hermes down to creating
websites, all the power features that
I've never included online before. It's
really, really powerful. And you also
alongside that get full access to the
Hermesogentic operating system that has
everything really crisp onboarding and
will make a lot of sense for you as
well. So the idea with the contact
doctor, again, all the skills are down
below for you, is that you can literally
go over to Hermes. So then just ask your
HES agent to run this skill on
everything it's got and it'll come back
consult you and show you some very
interesting findings and each of the
skills I'm going to show you is more
powerful than the one before it. Now
when you come to asking questions to
anything Hermes or Claude it's only as
good as the actual results you get which
is why level eight and skill 8 is pretty
incredible. So the last 30 days goes
through X YouTube Reddit and finds what
people have actually said. It looks at
the up votes and gives you the actual
best research on what's happened in
those last 30 days. Example, we've got
Reddit ups, X likes, YouTube
transcripts, hacker news, poly market
odds, GitHub commits. It searches
essentially all these different
platforms to give you something awesome.
Well, best explained by an example. But
one of the limitations of Telegram is
the fact you can do one chat at a time,
which is why I really like this agentic
OS because I can have one chat here and
say, "Hey, explain to me the um last 30
days skill." for example, send that bad
boy off. It will do its work. Then if I
want to, I can just open up a brand new
chat and have a completely different
conversation. I can come down here on
the left hand side and pretty much chat
to all my previous things. I can jump
onto cloud code and I'll just do all of
this together. And I also get to see the
tokens I'm using, what it's syncing on,
and exactly what it's doing. So if you
don't have an OS, I highly recommend
that you build one. And there we go,
guys. Look at this. We got the last 30
days in Hermes agent skills. It tells
you for 30 days what changed. So
grounded citations skill became skills
become became more context efficient.
Where is my coffee when I need it?
Right. Skill lifestyle got zap skill
discoveries becoming more behavioral
what people are actually watching all
these different videos. Um and then it
will go ahead and rank them based on
where it gets them. YouTube hacker news
blah blah blah all this sort of stuff.
So literally just give it one prompt run
away. Two little call outs though. So
this blocked Reddit and general web. Two
ways around that. One is you can give it
a Reddit credential, but if you sign in
and give it your cookie, it will use
that cookie to get the information. You
just have to configure that in the
skill. And the other thing here with the
general web is I use firecrawl for my
stuff, but of course you can just do
general searches if you'd like to do
that to expand out the entire search.
Skill 9 is pretty incredible. And what
this does is essentially learns anything
that you wanted to. Let me give you a
great example of this. Let's say, for
example, we go into YouTube and let's
say I find a channel. And by the way,
podcasts out guys. Oh my gosh, what's
going on with the podcast? I go on to
Veritassium and let's say, you know, I
like Veritassium. It's a cool video, but
maybe I want to get a I know I love
Veritassium, but maybe I want to get a
TLDDR. Well, I could come here and say,
"Hey, summarize this video into five
crisp bullets and tell me the first and
last sentence." So, I can get
information from YouTube if I want to
pretty easily. But what if it's got
information that I want to go ahead and
talk to or learn about later? Well, what
I can do here actually is literally grab
the URL, head over to Hermes agent. So I
can come over to Hermes agent do/arn
enter that in there and basically Hermes
agent will go and learn that
information. Now this is a skill so
freaking cool. They actually built it
into Hermes agent. It is amazing. This
also works by the way after you've done
or built a skill. So say for example
we're working on a connection with a
business or some kind of other thing.
You can just say to homies, hey we've
just built a thumbnail or we just built
an image. Learn this skill and
everything that it just did will turn
into a skill. Which is incredible. And
obviously I like to save certain
informations into my agentic operating
system memory that runs on my computer
or runs your VPS if you're hosting it on
on your VPS. So you can talk to it and
ask questions whenever you like. Level
10 is the art director. Now this is the
difficult but incredible ability to
build things that actually look
beautiful. Now he's got lots of stuff
with the golden ratio. Now the thing is
that people really over complicate
design but when you use the right skill
you get better designs with less. And
what I've done here is use power design
uh which is something that I built. And
essentially what I did is I looked at
universal design principles. For
example, if you go to apple.com, one of
the things that you'll notice is the
golden ratio, which is subheadings and
headings or a ratio of 1.1 1.61 to the
other. And that's just one example of a
principle that you know design
principles that run through all the best
design systems that we have. So, for
example, Power Design brings down for 20
universal designs for AI superpowers
that kind of makes beautiful simplistic
designs, which is cool stuff like ratios
and um the number of like text densities
and image density. And then 21st.dev is
this beautiful repository and library of
just gorgeous interactive elements and
components that we can grab and build
and things. idea being that we want some
degree of creative license. But there's
cool stuff like scroll animations and um
expansion and really cool stuff that we
can just give to Hermes agent to unlock
in slot and things, you know, clients,
compassions, darks, features, futters,
you name it. It can grab these cool
things from this. So, this skill merges
them both together, keeping it light and
making the designs look incredible. And
by the way, to use this skill, you need
to authorize the 21st.dev CLI. Just
fancy words for saying command line
interface or just way that it connects
to it. It'll just ask you to sign in. So
just sign in with your email or GitHub
and then you'll be ready to rock and
roll. And beautiful. So now we have a
website. Cool. Nice little vibe going on
in the background. Scroll down. Some
nice animations that come down. A little
interactivity. And bear in mind, you can
build like really good fullyfledged
websites. This is just an example of
like a good design principles that you
can build on. Obviously, if we went back
and forth with it, we could make it look
amazing, but you get the idea. Now,
skill 11 honestly is the most valuable
skill that I've used, and it's the
morning brief. And the idea is that my
homies agent actually goes ahead and
checks on a daily basis all the meetings
I've got in my calendar, all my emails
in my inbox and says, "Jack, hey, this
thing is happening today. This is stuff
that you need to do." To connect this
though, you do need to give him his
access to things like a Gmail, your
Outlook. Personally, for this, I use a
service called Zapia. I actually, funny
story, built my first tech startup using
Zapia. So, I had a little bit of
sentimental connection, but it's really
cool for a lot of reasons. mainly
because if you do join Zappia and grab
some Zappy stuff, you can connect to
things that you can't connect to
directly sometimes. For example, school
API is a really good example of this. Uh
as you can see, school if you're in a
community, it's very very handy. Some
stuff you can connect to directly, but
it will be helpful in terms of saving
time. For instance, if you come down for
Outlook, you can actually specifically
say the things that you do and don't
want to give access to. And essentially
what you do with Hermes agent here is
you come back over. So, we grab access
to the apps. Hermes writes a brief and
then it's delivered to your phone or you
can even chat with it wherever you want
to. And effectively, you say, "Hey, I
want you to send me a morning brief
every morning. Look at my calendar. Look
at my emails and look at our
conversations from the last 7 days or
the last month. And based on that, I
want you to tell me what to focus on
today. What's one thing that I could do
to improve?" And you can even ask Hermes
to spin up a sub agent to work in the
background whilst you're literally
sleeping. So, you get this beautiful
morning brief at 7:00 a.m. Maybe we're
up at 6:00. Maybe we're up at 5:00. I
don't know when we're up, but whenever
we're up, we get that beautiful morning
brief. I genuinely think it's one of the
most helpful things that you can do when
using Hermes Agent. Now, skill 12 is the
ability to actually create any images or
video. I call this the studio. So, this
could be anything from editing your
thumbnails to, you know, creating
videos. You literally name it. Now, to
do this, I personally like using
Higsfield just because the UI is
gorgeous and it just seems to work
better for me when I use this. Now, for
example, this website here, the pull
press is something I built using this.
All this video generation was absolutely
gorgeous. I'll put a link on screen if
you want to learn exactly how to build
this. I built an entire skill. I'll give
it completely for free. You can check it
out. But the cool thing we can do with
Hickfield and I'll put a link for this
down below. But we can connect Hermes
agent to Hicksfield using the CLI. All
you literally do is click on Hermes here
and you can copy this like so. Then head
over to your Hermes agent and just
basically drop this in like so. And what
it'll do is essentially open up a new
window. You click that and then you're
fully connected. I'm already connected,
so I'm ready to rock and roll. And what
I can do here is literally give it any
image. So let's give it this image of
GLO announcing that we're available on
Windows. And let's just say, hey, I want
you to use the Higsfield CLI and Nano
Banana to change the text. Instead of
saying now available on Windows or Mac,
make it say something like uh I don't
know, Jack loves beautiful coffee.
Change nothing else. All right. Send
that off. And literally what this can do
now inside your homies agent is use that
CLI to make amendments to any images and
generate things for you. Let's come back
and so Jack loves beautiful coffee.
Never have true words been spoken. I
just think it's so cool that you just
access these models so easily in Hermes
agent. And then if you actually come
back over to Higsfield you can see if
you go over to like images for example
everything that you just did. Then that
takes us on to skill 13 which is the
Ministry of Experts which is so handy.
Now what's really cool about this? Now
imagine it like this. Instead of
speaking to one guy that's intelligent,
well, one person can only understand so
much, what this skill lets us do is take
the most intelligent model that exists
and then what we effectively do is bring
in other experts that this model talks
to so that your answer and the quality
of your answers goes up because you may
forget things, you may have biases. But
when we bring in three different models,
let let me show you what I mean with
this because when we do bring in three
different models, it changes the
dynamics a bit. So I'm in my gent here
and I built this because I think it's
really freaking helpful to look at it
this way. But if I go over to Ministry
of Experts and you can do this directly
in Hermes. You don't have to do it here.
I just really like using it here. Now
what's really cool with this is I can
pick the leading model. So let's say I
want to check out Claude Fable. I click
on that. I can see that it's number one
on the arena. I can check out its stats.
And what I can do is literally come
over, grab this, and drop it in. Now the
way this works is you ask it a question.
And Claude Fable 5 here will actually,
let's say we ask it something like,
"Hey, um, what should I do in my
business to double my net profit?" Well,
Claude Fable 5 will grill you based on
the skills that we used earlier. And
then it will ask Deepseek V4 the same
question. It will ask GLM 5.2 and GPT
5.5. And then we can also configure how
many tokens we want them to use. So you
can see uh here for example we may have
something like sweet spot references
station and sharp or we can go uh full
sort of like um if you think about like
the odyssey level of information if you
want to then fable 5 looks at those
three questions those three responses
and then gives you an answer based on
that and it's so so cool and to activate
it all you need to do is come down and
do forward slash and just type MOA and
it just runs it through your mixture of
agents model present and just say hey I
want to know how to double my net profit
please tell me how and the Cool thing
about this is it's also token saving
because it brings over the cash in a
really cool way. All fans would speak of
just saying that they've really put a
lot of attention to this so that it's
actually token efficient when you're
using these three models and you're not
wasting credits. And so for example, I
come back and look at this. It's come
back with the different levers ranked by
leverage and again it's flagged exactly
which models to use and why. Now we know
the 13 skills in Hermes agent. The next
thing we need to do is learn one of the
most profitable skills that we can have,
and that is the ability to build
beautiful and gorgeous websites. Whether
you want it for your own business or
someone else's, we're going to do it
together in this video right
